CAMERA:-
It's my personal opinion don't sacrifice battery Life for a good camera you'll regret. Find some different options.
It still has the best camera setup in this price range tbh if you want an all rounder camera then go for it otherwise don't... Battery okiesh I get around 5-6 sot on moderate use till 20% but sometimes it drains battery a lot maybe cuz of heat
I really like the auto enhance feature for the camera, a lot of people complain about the camera, but I really like it
* **Design & space:** It frees up room for other components like bigger batteries or advanced cameras.
Tip: use the "pro" mode on the camera, if the main camera makes too many changes to the photos. and for selfies I only use pro mode.
I will say the cameras are a bit limited, but they're not terrible.
Glad i use open camera
Anyone who wants to see the photos in high quality
It will not degrade the quality of the selfie camera.
7:05 - Is this phone good for vloggers? For outdoor & indoor shooting, day and night shooting?
Some phone hai good camera but not a gaming type phone
Camera is very good
Camera
I am using this phone. Super camera, charge, display, game, ip68
Night camera is good ?
1.Overpower camera for photography.
Which phone has good camera ?
It is a all rounder with better performance balanced camera with ip 68 rating
Looking for- Gaming and Better Camera
Best camera quality phone h kya ye...?
Camera disappointed 😞
Ihate realmes large camera design this design is good
So which phone is best in under 15k category (camera phone) ??
1. Camera
How is the camera quality?
Motorola edge 50 pro kya hi phone h . Awasome camera in this price range
Can you provide more sample shots of both camera or can you make a video based on camera quality
2nd camara
There should be periscopic camera also
Camera quality improved 👏
Dual camera vs camera
Neither of these were any close to the video camera
Nowadays motorol,s cameras are doing great
Optical cam vs digital cam
Quality bro..check the picture quality
Camera stability is not so good
Sony sensor shoot Great photos in outdoor. As well as indoor.
What a camera phone Bro❤🎉😮
Camera is very good🔥🔥🔥
Camera sera but battery life kom
Good mobile and v good cam quality 👍❤
Video quality? Which one is better?
All things good except camera
Video call quality so poor, watsapp instagram video call also so poor
Bro. How is the total usage, the battery, the storage and camera performance
+Great camera, has in-built sony lYTIA 700C which helps you capture colourful and sharp portrait pictures at f1.8 aperture, has great stabilization and good videography capabilities. Front camera is good with AI beauty feature. Shockingly can record at 4k quality at 0.5 wide angle and 60 fps as usual is smooth.
-Camera- after turning the stabilization mode on, the camera quality gets a bit grainy which happens but without stabilization mode, it still gets grainy.
Why do u buy pH?for camera or call?
Bought last week only, best camera, best performance
Camera doing overprocessing
Nice Mobile But Camera Video Clarity Worst
I am using 10 days phone good phone and best camera quality 👍
I'm already using amazing camera 📸
Camera is 4/5
Bro camera is ok ok under 23k  is ok ok not bad but not good kam chal jayega frnt camera  is good
i need a good camera phone with decent performance good battery life, timely update
Which phone camera better?
pls test the camera performance of phones in dark ambient situations too whenever you review smartphone cameras
Detailed camera comparison
Which  can  click better photos Than yours
no other phone in that price segment offers a main cam with similar stats.
My priority is camera. Choose one.
Ome plus UI is not good , and idk which Phone's camera are you reviewing , you are deceiving with wrong specs
Realme photo quality is best❤
