CAMERA:-
It's my personal opinion don't sacrifice battery Life for a good camera you'll regret. Find some different options.
It still has the best camera setup in this price range tbh if you want an all rounder camera then go for it otherwise don't... Battery okiesh I get around 5-6 sot on moderate use till 20% but sometimes it drains battery a lot maybe cuz of heat
I really like the auto enhance feature for the camera, a lot of people complain about the camera, but I really like it
Tip: use the "pro" mode on the camera, if the main camera makes too many changes to the photos. and for selfies I only use pro mode.
I will say the cameras are a bit limited, but they're not terrible.
Have you see any change in camera?
Anyone who wants to see the photos in high quality
It will not degrade the quality of the selfie camera.
7:05 - Is this phone good for vloggers? For outdoor & indoor shooting, day and night shooting?
Some phone hai good camera but not a gaming type phone
Camera is very good
Camera
I am using this phone. Super camera, charge, display, game, ip68
Night camera is good ?
1.Overpower camera for photography.
Which phone has good camera ?
It is a all rounder with better performance balanced camera with ip 68 rating
Looking for- Gaming and Better Camera
Good in looks and camera
Dual Camera setup good
Best camera quality phone h kya ye...?
Camera disappointed 😞
Is it best camera phone under 30k
Ihate realmes large camera design this design is good
Agar mujhe sirf camera centric phone chahiye in the segment of 25k - 30k then which should I consider. If the camera is good then I can extend my budget upto 35k-37k
i need a best camera and best performance pone up to 30k
So which phone is best in under 15k category (camera phone) ??
1. Camera
How is the camera quality?
Can you provide more sample shots of both camera or can you make a video based on camera quality
There should be periscopic camera also
Camera quality improved 👏
Dual camera vs camera
Neither of these were any close to the video camera
Nowadays motorol,s cameras are doing great
Optical cam vs digital cam
Camera stability is not so good
(movies like im testing amazon CBR quality..files...this is amazing....CINEMA grade colors pop out .)
Sony sensor shoot Great photos in outdoor. As well as indoor.
What a camera phone Bro❤🎉😮
Camera is very good🔥🔥🔥
Good mobile and v good cam quality 👍❤
Video quality? Which one is better?
If you want to choose any one of them it is up to you because both have good image quality but one is realistic camera and one is full of filters
Best camera phone under 25k??
All things good except camera
Realme12pro camera best
Bro. How is the total usage, the battery, the storage and camera performance
-Camera- after turning the stabilization mode on, the camera quality gets a bit grainy which happens but without stabilization mode, it still gets grainy.
I would rate it 9/10. This is made for gamers and minor photography/videography and for normal activities as well. Go for it :)
Why do u buy pH?for camera or call?
Bought last week only, best camera, best performance
Nice Mobile But Camera Video Clarity Worst
I am using 10 days phone good phone and best camera quality 👍
I'm already using amazing camera 📸
Camera is 4/5
Bro camera is ok ok under 23k  is ok ok not bad but not good kam chal jayega frnt camera  is good
i need a good camera phone with decent performance good battery life, timely update
Which phone camera better?
pls test the camera performance of phones in dark ambient situations too whenever you review smartphone cameras
Detailed camera comparison
no other phone in that price segment offers a main cam with similar stats.
hey bro!can you suggest me good camera phones under 20K?
My priority is camera. Choose one.
